[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with a recap of season 1
episode 2 of the l word generation q as
always I will be spoiling the entire
episode so please proceed with caution
let's kick things off with bet it's only
cheating if you get caught quarter we
join bet in baby Angelica at campaign
headquarters
it seems bet is still peeved at Ang's
school skipping pot vaping adventures
with BFF Jordi so mama B's keeping a
close eye on her and poor Ange is less
than thrilled Bette has a meeting with
campaign manager Pierce and newly
appointed head of PR Danny Danny has
taken it upon herself to set up a
meeting with felicity Adams who you'll
remember as the woman that had an affair
with Danny insists they get a statement
from felicity to stay ahead of the
scandal after reluctantly agreeing bet
makes sure Angie will not be in the
office when Felicity arrives and when
Felicity does arrive she and Vette make
some serious eye contact through the
glass walls of vet's office before
felicity is whisked away by Danny to
give her statement tomorrow Bette speaks
at an LGBTQ Center for homeless youth
during a televised Town Hall and hits it
out of the proverbial park she speaks
from her heart and even has a touching
moment with a teen from the center while
watching the Town Hall Danny tells
Pierce that Bette is clearly at her best
when she gets personal Pierce then
cryptically remarks that Danny still
doesn't know why Bette is running for
mayor he then proceeds not to tell her
finally after a long day of campaigning
and mothering Bette decides to take a
load off
find a secluded park and meditate in
solitude for the rest of the evening
JK she actually meets her ex boo thang
Felicity in the secluded Park in the to
hold hands and talk about how much they
miss each other
it's Alison Nats first date and there at
Nats place about to do the nasty when a
super pissed but still extremely hot GG
shows up and makes a huge scene which
ends in her nailing her wedding ring -
Nats front door Alice is in a meeting
with some stuffy and network executives
and instead of being praised for her
unplanned interview with vet she is met
with disapproval for stepping outside of
the tightly regulated pre-approved
content for her show the stuffy
executives decide to leave drew a
successful TV writer behind to help
Alice get the show back on track
unfortunately she doesn't have much time
to react to the news because girlfriend
Nats son is sick at school and neither
GG nor NAT can pick him up with Shane's
help Alice takes care of the nauseous
kid and ruins the crockpot in the
process but saves the day later that
evening
Alice expresses to NAT that she wants to
be more included in the kids lives and
not just an occasional babysitter which
is weird because Alice doesn't seem to
like being around the children all that
much but she doesn't seem to mind being
around GG in fact the two get to know
each other just a little bit better in
this episode
Shane spends most of the episode trying
to avoid signing for a mysterious
package which obviously contained
divorce papers from her mysterious wife
Chiara
unfortunately rumi Finley unwittingly
signs for said divorce papers after
having a tiny Shane meltdown
she decides to drink her sorrows away
with Finley at a dive bar at the bar
Shane meets a flirtatious bartender
named Lina and her server girlfriend
tests long story short there's a good
chance Shane is gonna buy the dive bar
turn it into a gay bar or club and let
Tessa and Lina run it long live the
planet the newly engaged Danny and
Sophie are planning their engagement
party and things are going well until
Danny casually mentions that she has a
new job working for Bette Porter
understandably Sophie's upset that Danny
made such a huge decision without
consulting her first this is another
busy episode for Danny after her morning
spat with Sophie she is forced to face
her father and tell him she's now
working for Bette Porter and to add
insult to injury that she and Sophie are
engaged needless to say he does not take
either news very well
sofie's whole-ass family comes to the
engagement party which is nice because
Danny's father is a no-show and Sophie's
family immerses Danny in love and
acceptance and is beautiful to see
Sophie and Danny slow dance while
staring lovingly into each other's eyes
and they seem to have survived another
episode super adorable and extremely
nervous Micha is on his first date with
hot neighbour Jose at a fancy restaurant
during dinner
Jose mentions that he knows Micha is
transgender and Micha
instantly clams up it seems he doesn't
like talking about his past before he
transitioned Jose drops it but during an
after-dinner swim he brings it up again
with Micah responding I want to tell you
everything about my whole life but I
haven't met a lot of people who don't
squint and imagine what I used to look
like so I don't talk about it now I'm
afraid to look at you
and Jose perfectly responds with you can
look I'm not squinting last but not
least is our girl Finley who's still
squatting at Shane's house despite Shane
hinting that she's definitely overstayed
her welcome when she and Shane hit a
local dive bar Finley tries repeatedly
to pick up women but despite all her big
talk Finley has like zero game
eventually a kind-hearted soul named
Rebecca takes pity on her and soon
enough
Finley finds herself in the middle of
getting laid except well in the middle
of getting laid Finley has a panic
attack or something similar and has to
put a hold on the coitus far from a
quitter the very next evening
Finley ditches Sofie and Danny's
engagement party and successfully seals
the deal with Rebecca
she committed suicide and that is the
end of the recap thank you so much for
watching tell me what did you guys think
about the revelation that Jani committed
suicide as well as the super-casual way
the information came out once again
thank you guys for watching don't forget
to Like and subscribe and I'm gonna
leave you with a sneak peek of the third
episode I'll see you next week well you
know this is that now it's really good
to meet you guys
stop I didn't say anything on Tuesday
I'm happy to compromise with you I'm
just not about to compromise with your
dad
you're not could go get puffy did she
tell you to say that she misses you
I brought two best friends back together
two ex-wives